This item is made possible by
deltion college and aj qmedia
while all those present from the rhedens
watched a conference
demonstration training of old pec zwolle
coach art longer
pec zwolle was busy with the
preparation for Sunday's game
against Feyenoord
what an interesting one can be for
our naturally beautiful ending
feyenoord and yes
competing for sixth place but yes
but Feyenoord is pretty busy
everyone knows that and yes you have too
consequence for who becomes our opponent
in the play-offs for us it becomes one
I hope a wonderful ending of one
just very good out of season in everyone
so a number of players close
joost me for that is me too
nice but if you look the pressure that lies
at feyenoord with the opponent and that
is a human being for us is certainly not
easy brother you play there is danger
norton
yes that is no no small club
indeed now have a lot of pressure
they are last weeks
less but that doesn't mean we
easy afternoon go and get
maybe you can maybe something
freer football we can do a free
football i say you know you that you
there are already creates
little to play but you want with one
good feeling the ones entering playoffs
that match of last weekend
Against FC Groningen there was after a long time
once again won good for it
feeling and trust
yes feelings good of course one again
kind of reluctantly towards Groningen
but we just picked it up well and and
won that it felt anyway
a bit good
yeah I hope to persevere and yes in
the bios suddenly feel good
again someday we can just have a good one
plow too
and I hope that there is still ours on
can focus and we just go for it
you if you look at the the training
From today I can
notice that it is end season and it
is really about the competitions because me
she thinks the will is there but the
real sharp and the quality on the
I thought training was better a little while ago
then then now actually but that does not say
so much about competitions but we have to
play such a match as at home
Ajax
because that just makes it good again
out for me and you did absolutely
needed to get a chance in the play-offs
want to feel good with the
play-offs in one
and that is why you would also like to win
home from feyenoord and yes it is still
popping one or two or four times and
and then you may already have something whole
beautiful for competition then
yes i don't know i want one we have
influence that we draft and how we
but yes you are at feyenoord who
just have to win something else
yes they just walk that third place
and they have to move something because
the all that is suspended once again the
we press them on
so yes that can be paralyzing but
also yes make you feel anyway
nothing left to lose
but look for us watch we just go
play our own game
Rob attacked a football
make it public and then whole
interesting model an interesting one
it in joost broerse who is fit again and
getting ready for the end of being
player career
joost has suffered hamstring complaints
during the cup final
last week the not at a well that
just slide again the mare is nothing
to
yes that this week can just be again
luckily had no response
so I'm there on Sunday at the address
in front of
so follow me well outside
cartoon so is take nature board cycle
the snow long-term story we know
and for the rest, so to speak
candidate of the first 18 so everyone
Available except Thomas lamb which
Suspended on a pretty worthy
end your career then yes
yeah sure it is there and that reason alone
I hope we win and
yes it will be my last director
competition duel could be minutes
and that will just wait
yes and then my goodbye yes so be it